
Ryan Rotz
Full-Stack Web Developer
Seattle, WA

ryanrotz@gmail.com
www.ryanrotz.com
https://github.com/ryanrotz
https://www.linkedin.com/in/ryanrotz000


Summary

Full-stack web developer and former marketer who discovered code and couldn't stop building things. I'm passionate about making ideas come to life and love partnering with other developers, as well as designers and executives to make them happen.


Technical Skills

Languages: Javascript, Ruby, SQL, HTML5, CSS3, XML
Frameworks & Libraries: Angular, Rails, Express, Node, jQuery, Bootstrap, Materialize, SVG.js
Databases and ORMs: PostgreSQL, Sequelize, NoSQL, MongoDB, Mongoose, ActiveRecord


Projects

KayakBuddy
A site for kayakers to find other kayakers. Users can login with Facebook, set up a profile, and contact other users.Role: Authentication, authorization, project management, styling 
Technologies used: Ruby on Rails, Materialize, HTML, CSS

Name That Emotion
A game for autistic children to improve social skills by matching a photo with the correct emotion.
Technologies used: Javascript, jQuery Bootstrap, HTML, CSS

Colordat
Search for home decor by color. Users enter a color, view home decor products from Amazon, and save products to color boards for later use.
Technologies used: Javascript, Express.js, Postgres, Sequelize, HTML, CSS, Heroku


Professional Experience

Faithlife   Nov 2010 — Jan 2016
Marketing Department

Marketing Strategist, Logos Mobile Education
- Increased revenue 50% year over year.
- Created the business plan for the company's first video-subscription service.

Director, Kirkdale Press
- Started the company's first publishing imprint.
- Spearheaded the creation of the brand’s website, including planning, writing all content, overseeing design and development, and managing timelines and budgets.
- Made regular presentations to the CEO.
- Published the #5 best-selling book on iTunes in its category—in our first year.

Product Promotion Specialist, Logos Pre-Pub and Community Pricing
- Increased pre-orders 11.7% year over year.
- Increased user participation 80.6% and 23.7%.
- Increased revenue growth from 4.5% to 33.5%.

Rotz Consulting   2009 — 2010
Social Media Marketing Consultant

SuperNack, LLC   2010
CEO


Education

General Assembly   May 2016 — Aug 2016
Web Development Immersive Student
Developed full-stack web applications 12 hours a day for 12 weeks.

Whatcom Community College   2010
AA, Business
